To edit this file or the web pages, please do:
svn checkout https://github.com/pencil-code/website/trunk/www

Topics for Pencil code User Meeting in Graz 2023:
==============================================================
% Notes: "-" means that this item is still open (nothing has happened)
%        "+" means that it is already in progress (people working on it)
%        "*" same, but high priority
%        "/" postponed
%        "v" problem solved
%        "x" means that it has been dealt with
%            [assigned Persons] feel free to add yourself
%
# http://pencil-code.nordita.org/UserMeetings/2023/agenda.txt

- promote practice of making init routines additive.

- Newsletter: feedback

- Summary from the Pencil Code Steering Committee

- restart problems with param.nml being outdated (add details in manual)
  Find out & document what practice exactly leads to problems

- Status of HDF5: why is it slow, and how slow is it?

----------------------------------------------------------------------------
OLD ITEMS:

- review of auto-test sensitivities (accuracies too high)
  reference.out versus reference.out.double
  AM1, resolved for now.

- updates of various data bases (pencil-code/license/developers.txt and
  https://www.nordita.org/~brandenb/pencil-code/PCSC/committers/list.pdf, for example)
  AM1, discussed, but no action taken

- to explain in manual how multiple special works
  for Matthias to do after the meeting.

- do multiple simulations via a special special (Lyapunov exp, diff latitude)
  Scanning parameter space in one go (script exists, but python not documented)

- should we rename some more README files in sample to README.md
  Can use link. Philippe to code some script.

- to add src/pc_build_details (Status; Philippe?)
  Too that is planned. Scans *.in file, to suggest papers to cite.

- user-specific initialization (Status: Philippe) ***
  Philippe+Matthias to discuss: need environment variable etc.

- make pc_read_xyaver independent of proc*/dim.dat
  to postpone.

- user-specific settings for compilation: read_all_videofiles (and what does pc_videofiles do?)
  postpone to next office hours, Matthias to work on that.

- paraview or yt 3-D visualization tutorials?
  postpone.

NEW ITEMS:

- register_report_aux versus farray_register_pde
  AM1, postpone

- file size in samples: EULAG sample too big
  AM1, partly fixed by Matthias

- How to deal with inactive owners?
  AM1, discussed

- MAC users, Hongzhe, Alberto, ?Oksana
  new compilers are complaining
  AM2

- HDF5: break up, slices (Fred Gent): future i/o strategies, but backwards compatible 
  PM1

- add HDF5 distributed IO to handle huge data files (similar to IO_collective?) (Fred)
  need conversion tool.
  PM1

- make HDF5 IO reading of persistent variables robust against changes in number of processors (Fred) 
  PM1

- generalize scale factor reading (Philippe+Axel+Alberto+Ramkishor)
  PM1

- EoS and energy module combinability: general re-design
  Matthias: make energy module more general
  PM2

- Nonuniform output of snapshots, Ramkishor has applications
  PM2

- use of pointmasses and/coding (Matthias+Axel+Alberto)
  PM2

- GPU accelerated
  PM2

- How to enforce certain coding standards, for example how to deal with shared variables,
  registering, etc.
  Fr-AM1

- Higgsless implementation in non-relativistic code: Ramkishor
  Fr-AM2

- documentation/tests of relativistic options in hydro and MHD (Axel+Alberto+Ramkishor)
  Fr-PM1

- early_finalize: to discuss & present when to use, or to control from outside for testing purposes.
  (Matthias+Axel+Ramkishor)
  Fr-PM1

- run pbs scripts (any advantage?)
  to point people to documentation of PBS, maybe in quick start (examples of pages)
  Philippe to draft for quick start.
  will be solved

- How to deal with broken auto-test: Joern asked the question
  postpone

