To edit this file or the web pages, please do:
svn checkout https://github.com/pencil-code/website/trunk/www

Topics for Pencil code User Meeting in Barcelona 2024:
==============================================================
% Notes: "-" means that this item is still open (nothing has happened)
%        "+" means that it is already in progress (people working on it)
%        "*" same, but high priority
%        "/" postponed
%        "v" problem solved
%        "x" means that it has been dealt with
%            [assigned Persons] feel free to add yourself
%
# http://pencil-code.nordita.org/UserMeetings/2024/agenda.txt

----------------------------------------------------------------------------
STANDARD ITEMS:

- Summary from the Pencil Code Steering Committee

- promote practice of making init routines additive.
  status & update (AB)

- restart problems with param.nml being outdated (add details in manual)
  Find out & document what practice exactly leads to problems

- Status of HDF5: how slow is it?

----------------------------------------------------------------------------
NEW ITEMS:

- discuss/check deriv_10th

- status of the pc_mkdatadir command (AB)
  not issue for most people

- how common are srun errors: task 384 launch failed: Error configuring interconnect (AB); see
  /cfs/klemming/home/b/brandenb/scr/axel/kinematic/Roberts/crit/Tst512_2em4_10th/slurm-4089604.out

- still wrong email addresses on branch items (?)

- reduce/eliminate usage of dot_mn and dot2_mn in favor of dot and dot2

OLD ITEMS:

- reference.out versus reference.out.double
  write documentation on how it works (Philippe, todo)
  status

- updates of various data bases (pencil-code/license/developers.txt and
  https://www.nordita.org/~brandenb/pencil-code/PCSC/committers/list.pdf, for example)
  to be reviewed annually

- explain in manual how multiple special modules work
  (Matthias, todo after the meeting 2023)

- Python script for multiple simulations to scan parameter space
  (Fred, todo: create documentation)
  AB emailed him.

- should we rename some more README files in sample to README.md
  Philippe needs to adapt 'pc_auto-test' scripts.
  Status.

- to add src/pc_build_details (Status; Philippe?)
  Plan is to scan Makefile.local and suggest papers to cite.
  Status.

- user-specific initialization (Status: Philippe) ***
  Philippe+Matthias clarified the situation and how to continue
  Documentation?

- make pc_read_xyaver independent of proc*/dim.dat
  Status.

- user-specific settings for compilation: read_all_videofiles (and what does pc_videofiles do?)
  discussed in 2023, postpone to next office hours, Matthias to work on that.

- Documentation on how to use ParaView or YT (3D visualization tools)
  postponed, someone interested needs to take care.

NEW ITEMS from previous list:

- register_report_aux versus farray_register_pde
  postponed

- file size in samples: EULAG sample too big
  partly fixed by Matthias
  Status

- How to deal with >5 years inactive owners?
  discussed, will send them email.
  Review status.

- initialize with data partly coming from an input file
  => use pc_write_var to create a VAR0 and the run
  => implement and consolidate functions in initcond to read external file
  discussed with Alberto+Axel+Matthias+Philippe
  Status.

- guide for MAC users to install PC (XCode compilers complain)
  (Antonino writes text for the quick start guide)
  Status.

- HDF5: break up, slices (Fred Gent): future i/o strategies
  => backwards compatible or conversion tool
  (long-term: Fred, Philippe needs to implement new strategies)
  AB emailed him.

- HDF5 IO reading of persistent variables
  => make robust against changes in number of processors
  => seeds need a different treatment (depending on processors)
  (intermediate-term: Fred, Matthias, Philippe will fix that)
  AB emailed him.

- generalize scale factor reading (Philippe+Axel+Alberto+Ramkishor)
  (Philippe will create module with generalize profile reader)

- EoS and energy module combinability: general re-design
  (Matthias: make energy module more general on a branch)

- Output of snapshots at arbitrary times
  => develop a mechanism to have multiple times in a new "times_list.dat"
  => code checks for this file and writes out at the desired times
  discussed (Ramkishor: to be done)
  Status.

- GPU acceleration feedback
  discussed (Matthias likes to get feedback)
  Status.

- How to enforce certain coding standards
  => how to deal with shared variables, registering of variables, etc.
  extend the coding style with coding standards (Matthias)
  Status.

- Higgsless implementation in non-relativistic code
  (Ramkishor+Alberto: working on it)
  AB to send Alberto an email.

- documentation/tests of relativistic options in hydro and MHD
  (Axel+Alberto+Ramkishor+Yutong: working on it)

- early_finalize flag: to stop concurrency of processes earlier
  => proposal to rename to "lconcurrent"
  (Matthias: working on it)
  Status.

- explain how run PBS scripts
  => advantage: easier to give many options, no long command lines
  => Philippe to draft for quick start guide.
  Status.

- How to deal with broken auto-test: Joern asked the question
  => PCSC should take action if nothing else works
  => proposal to move long-time broken auto-test to "broken" section in "pc_auto-test" (Philippe: pro, Matthias: contra)
  Review status.
